Integration documentation in Cloud Docs (#357)
layer5io/docs: content/en/cloud/spaces/integrations.md

---
title: Integrations
description: >
  Enhance your cloud-native management experience with Meshery Integrations.
weight: 7
categories: [Spaces]
---

# Integrations Overview

Meshery provides a rich set of integrations designed to simplify and enhance your cloud-native management workflows. These integrations allow you to connect Meshery with various tools and platforms, making it easier to manage, visualize, and collaborate on your infrastructure across different environments. Below is a detailed overview of the supported integrations, how they work, and best practices for using them effectively.

---

### GitHub Integration

**Description:**  
With the GitHub integration, you can effortlessly manage your infrastructure using GitOps principles. Connect your GitHub account to Meshery and import your existing Helm Charts, Docker Compose applications, and Kubernetes manifests. This integration allows you to visually configure and customize your cloud-native infrastructure directly from within Meshery. Once configured, you can save and share your design patterns to GitHub, choosing between public or private repositories.

**Key Benefits:**

> - **Seamless Import:** Bring in your Helm Charts, Docker Compose files, and Kubernetes manifests directly into Meshery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Seamless Import:** Bring in your Helm Charts, Docker Compose files, Kubernetes manifests or Meshery Designs directly into Meshery.
```

- **GitOps Management:** Automate your infrastructure management by leveraging GitHub as a source of truth.

> - **Version Control:** Keep track of all changes made to your infrastructure with GitHub’s version control capabilities.

Reviewer: github version control is not our feature, but having diff for snapshots yes, which we will have soon I guess
```suggestion
- **Version Control:** Keep track of all changes made to your infrastructure with GitHub’s version control capabilities.
```

---

### Best Practices

To maximize the benefits of Meshery integrations, consider the following best practices:

1. **Use GitOps for Infrastructure as Code (IaC):**  
   Integrate with GitHub to maintain your infrastructure as code. Use Meshery to automate deployments and manage your cloud-native environments by following GitOps principles.

2. **Centralize Management Across Environments:**  
   Leverage the Meshery Server integration to manage all your Meshery instances in a centralized manner. This ensures consistent management practices and better resource allocation across environments.

3. **Collaborative Cluster Management:**  
   When using the Kubernetes integration, involve your entire team in the management of clusters. Use Meshery’s visualization tools to keep everyone informed about the cluster’s health and performance.

4. **Implement Continuous Monitoring:**  
   With Prometheus integrated, continuously monitor your cloud-native infrastructure. Set up alerts and dashboards within Meshery to keep track of key performance indicators (KPIs) and respond to issues proactively.

> 5. **Secure Access with Credentials:**  

Reviewer: Link to read more about how to set up credentials or use roles
